This is a repository for UT's coding bootcamp Project2 Assignment; We are building a fullstack recipe cookbook web application:

YUMBOOK - The Recipe Cookbook YUMBOOK is a recipe cookbook web application that allows users to discover and explore a wide variety of delicious recipes. With YUMBOOK, you can find recipes for all occasions. Whether you're a seasoned chef or a beginner in the kitchen, YUMBOOK is here to inspire and delight your taste buds.

Features: Recipe Search: Easily search for recipes by name, ingredients, or category. Recipe Details: Get detailed information about each recipe, including ingredients, instructions, and cooking time. Interactive Cooking Journal: Keep track of your cooking adventures, take notes, and record modifications to recipes.

Technologies Used: Front-end - Handlebar Templates, HTML, CSS, JavaScript Back-end - Node.js, Express.js Database - MYSQL Additional Libraries/Frameworks - ()

Installation: Clone the repository - copy the ssh clone link ('git@github.com: ChrisGordon888/group-project2-test.git') Navigate to the project directory - cd to your YUMBOOK directory on your local drive and git clone the ssh link Install dependencies and view in browser - npm install in your terminal when opening the code in the application of choice; we used VScode Start the server in your browser: npm start in your root file through the terminal to open a port, and open your browser by visiting: http://localhost:3000 or the running port number

Usage - Signup for an account or log in if you already have one. Explore recipes by using the search feature. View recipe details, including ingredients, instructions, and cooking time by following the link generated by the recipe API. Write notes about your cooking exerience in the user journal. Contribute to the community by submitting your own recipes and modifications.

Contributing - We welcome contributions to YUMBOOK! If you'd like to contribute to the project, please follow these steps:

Fork the repository and Create your branch by (git checkout -b feature/your-feature)
Commit your changes by (git commit -m 'Add some features')
Push to the branch by (git push origin feature/your-feature)
Open a pull request.
Future Development - Saving your favorite recipes, and even sharing your own culinary creations with the YUMBOOK community. Creating cooking tips in a user journal for yourself and others to see. Generate more advanced user profiles to save your preferences, track your recipe history, and connect with other food enthusiasts.

For any questions or inquiries, please reach out at [chris.c.gordon888@gmail.com]

Acknowledgements - Thank you to Whitney White, Steve Suazo, Jace Latzsch, and the tutors/TAs of UT Austin's Coding Bootcamp to help pull this project together with their contributions!